work on llama cpp for tuning different parameters and doing the action(plating water) at specific time or no of times.
also harvest,sell crops, upgrade tools features.
use seperate archi planning and finding the path


work on the research gap which direction to go.

llms struggle with
1. very long tasks (plant crops while managing food, filling the water, and planting the water and upgrading tools)
 they forget the goals, repeats actions and loses task hierarchy.

needs:- hierarchy planning.

2. llms are slow for real time games.
   do some prompt changes like few shots or using distance algorithms.

3. mapping vague human language into precise executable actions.
   “look out for danger ”
   water running out and crops drying up.
   "the crops are dying"
   need to find reasons like pests or harvest at right time.



issues with current approach.
1. llm is failing some times since executes the change in game state.(due to it passes wrong paramerts)
2. when i mention astar to use in the prompt it uses the tool or else it omits it.
working on seperate architecture where llm only plans other function executes.


topic:-

the capabilities of llms in game character controls by non-trivial human speech inputs.


######

1. do experiments to reduce the time.
2. add points for task completion for example plant 1, water 2,harverst 3, sell 4. and compare with different models.
3. read more papers to close the gap. can close a partial gap. ex:- hunger in world to hunger in a department.
4. document every thing all the experiments i did.
5. talk to other who are working on llms.
6. work on the evaluation metrics.

can work
1. prompt changes  and see if it works.
2. add features like collect water,plant and harvest and sell.


try to reduce the number of steps the model takes. 
fix watering animation
add priorities to plants

issues:-
first the agent plants but the plant start growing without watering it.

what to do:-
keep track of tools called and missed.
and the points for tasks done like collect_water,plant and water plant.
reset state for plants and water

#  do prompt enginnering
use fabrik for prompts -- it has some specific prompts for themes

and the points for tasks done like collect_water,plant and water plant. ==> works
reset state for plants and water ==> not able to remove the crops.
add prompt once water is filled it can used for all crops.
use pydantic instructor.

back to back time taken mean there is [] error.

1..10 | ForEach-Object {
    python myscript.py
}
for i in {1..100}; do python agentic_approach2.py; done 
Linux
wc -l
cat example.log | grep failed | wc -l
cat example.log | grep api | wc -l
use react loop --> done

Here are some increasingly non-trivial examples:

Resource Management
Plant as many crops as possible without running out of water.
Use exactly half of the available water on newly planted crops.
Grow 10 carrots while minimizing trips to the well.
Plant crops only if there is enough water to fully grow them.
Save at least 20 units of water for later, then plant and water crops.
Prioritization
Water any crops that might die first, then plant new crops.
If there are mature crops ready for harvest, harvest them before planting anything.
Focus on crops that will be ready the soonest.
Ensure every planted crop receives at least one watering before planting more.
Conditional Logic
If there isn't enough water, collect water first; otherwise start planting.
Plant wheat if there are fewer than 10 wheat plants, otherwise plant corn.
Only water crops that are below 50% hydration.
If the well is empty, harvest crops instead.
Optimization
Minimize movement while planting and watering all empty plots.
Complete the task using the fewest possible actions.
Fill every plot and distribute water evenly among all crops.
Plant and water crops in an order that minimizes walking distance.
Ambiguous Instructions

These are useful for seeing whether the agent asks questions or makes reasonable assumptions.

Prepare the farm for tomorrow.
Get the fields into good shape.
Make sure the crops are healthy.
Expand production without wasting resources.
Take care of the farm.
Multi-Step Planning
Collect enough water to plant and fully water 20 crops, then do it.
Harvest mature crops, replant the empty plots, and water everything.
Grow a balanced farm with equal numbers of wheat, corn, and carrots.
Create two rows of wheat and one row of corn, then water all crops.
Memory / State Tracking
Continue where you left off yesterday.
Finish watering any crops that weren't watered last time.
Plant the same crop pattern as before.
Maintain the farm's current crop ratios.
Error Recovery
If planting fails because a tile is occupied, choose another tile.
Water all crops even if the nearest water source runs dry.
Keep planting until no valid plots remain.
Recover from any failed action and continue toward the goal.
Strategic Objectives
Maximize harvest value over the next 5 days.
Maximize crop count while keeping water usage below 100 units.
Prepare for a drought by conserving water.
Grow the most profitable farm possible with current resources.
Hidden-State Reasoning
Inspect the farm and determine the best next actions.
Decide whether collecting water or planting crops provides more value right now.
Evaluate the farm's status and improve productivity.
Make the farm self-sustaining.
Agent Benchmark Prompts

These are particularly good for evaluating autonomous agents:

"Increase total farm value as much as possible in the next 50 actions."
"Achieve the largest harvest while never letting a crop dry out."
"Operate the farm efficiently for one in-game day."
"Analyze the current state and produce a plan before acting."
"Reach 100 planted crops using the fewest trips to the water source."
"Keep all crops alive while continuously expanding the farm."
"Determine the optimal sequence of actions and execute it."
"Adapt your strategy based on available water, empty plots, and crop health."



If you want alternatives that still mean roughly "plant the crops and water them" but require a bit more reasoning or interpretation, here are some options:

Slightly More Complex
Get the empty plots producing crops and make sure they have enough water.
Plant seeds wherever possible and keep the new crops hydrated.
Fill the available farmland with crops and water them after planting.
Establish a new batch of crops and provide the water they need.
Turn all unused plots into healthy growing crops.
Goal-Oriented
Prepare the field for a successful harvest.
Set up the next crop cycle and ensure growth can begin immediately.
Get every available plot growing as soon as possible.
Make the farm productive using the available land and water.
Start crop production and support the crops' early growth.
Resource-Aware
Plant as many crops as the current water supply can support.
Use the available water to establish and maintain newly planted crops.
Expand the farm without leaving newly planted crops dry.
Balance planting and watering so no new crop is neglected.
Put the available resources toward growing new crops.
Planning-Oriented
Determine the best planting locations, plant the crops, and water them.
Prepare the farm by planting and hydrating new crops efficiently.
Bring the empty fields into production and care for the new plants.
Grow the farm by adding crops and ensuring they receive water.
Complete all steps necessary to start a healthy crop cycle.
More Ambiguous (Good for Agent Testing)
Get the fields ready for growth.
Take care of the farm's unused land.
Improve the condition of the farmland.
Make sure the next harvest is on track.
Bring the farm into a healthy growing state.
Prepare everything needed for crop growth.
Develop the farm's production capacity.
Ensure the fields are actively growing crops.
Instruction Following Stress Tests
Plant crops wherever appropriate and don't forget their immediate needs.
Start growing crops and leave none in need of water.
Handle the entire crop setup process from empty field to watered plant.
Make every viable plot ready for growth.
Do whatever is necessary to begin growing crops on the farm.