1. worked on agentic approach with tools like move and water to move the character in the game.
2. when i used ollama with gpt oss it worked well but it was too slow.
3. so i shifted to vllm though it is fast it throws errors for tool calling.


observation from the work with ollama with gpt oss.  

sample prompt looks like(non trivial): water all the crops.

the agents should find the shortest path avoiding the obstacles and call the water tool.

it took 30 seconds to 2 min to calculate the path and call the tools accordingly.

i give player position (5,5) crop position (5,10),(10,15) with obstacles (5,7)

it takes time much of time to call the tools and update the state of the game.(coz it tooks time to load into the vram)
It looks difficult to implement the non trival commands in real time without latency.

i can test with different models for better accuracy and include more tasks for making game more interesing.

#######
feed back

speech to text part keep aside for now

1. get it running (base implementation)
use ollama (taking time for the model to load model into vram)
basic command (go to point b)
use gpt-oss:20b and gpt-oss:120b
qwen model with 30b parameters.

keep track of the time and mistakes it makes.

2.If it is getting working

use vllm (the model is already in the vram)
use different models and prompts for benchmarking
use the example path in the prompt.
use different non-trivial commands with the reason for using the command(to test some ability of the model)

3. do the research for makeing efficient and make it faster. (state of the art)

take from base implementation to the final implementation(where different approaches are used for better performance)
keep track of the pipelines like which worked which did not worked.
test with 20 to 30 models and prompts for better grade.

profiling to find which step takes time and how much.
save log files

### to do
keep track of every paper i read and notes from it.
start with simple tasks and increase the complexity
mail professor for more computation
can also try differenct inference providers and langchain for tool chaining
can make changes in base and final model to find what works what does like making the thing not work

